Site Name: Yan Dynasty - Chinese Restaurant

Navigation: Menu | Catering | About the Chef 

------Menu Page --------------------

Appetizers
Egg roll - $1.50
Potstickers - $3.50
Crab Rangoon - $5.00

Soups
Wonton Soup 
Pint $1.50
Quart $3.50
Egg Drop Soup
Pint $1.50
Quart $3.50

Chef Specials
1000 Chili Pepper Spicy Fish Fillet - white fish stir fried with a variety of chili peppers delivers an 
ongoing flavor and heat sensation. Served with white rice and steamed vegetable assortment - $22.00
Shredded Pork Shoulder - Delicately flavored and richly glazed slow cooked pork served over white rice
and assorted diced vegetables - $19.00
General Tso's Chicken - crispy chicken chunks coated in a spicy sauce, served with 
white rice and steamed broccoli with carrots - $12.00
Mongolian Beef - Crispy and tender pieces of steak coated in thick, sweet and salty sauce served with onions and fresh scallions - $14.00
Shrimp and Scallops in Garlic Sauce - Jumbo shrimp and fresh sea scallops with garden vegetables in our own garlic sauce. -$15.00
Pineapple Duck - Crispy boneless duck with house pinapple sauce, surrounded by broccoli - $20.00
Subgum Wonton - Shrimp, scallops, roast pork, and chicken stir fried with garden vegetables and 6 fried wontons - $13.00
Seafood Pan Fried Noodle - Noodles pan fried crispy with shrimp, scallops, crab, lobster and fresh vegetables - $15.00
Jade Scallops - Deliciously flavored fresh sea scallops sauteed with broccoli, snow peas, string beans and peppers in a brown sauce - $15.00
Orange Beef - Cubes of steak fried until crispy on the outside and tender on the inside served in a sticky, spicy orange sauce with steamed broccoli - $16.00
Shrimp with Honey and Walnut - Crispy jumbo shrimp in a honey sauce with walnuts surrounded by broccoli - $13.50


Sides
White Rice $1.50
Brown Rice $1.50
Pork Fried Rice $3.50
Pancakes $1.50

Drinks
Pot of Oolong $2.75
Pot of Green Tea $3.00
20oz Can of Soda $2.00


-----------------Catering Page ------------------------

Email us at catering@yandynasty.com for information about catering orders! We know it's 
not always easy figuring out how to feed large groups of people, so we are happy to help 
in any way you need!

​We are familiar with catering events of all shapes and sizes, from private family & 
friends gatherings and team/staff dinners to office events and weddings of 300+ people.
We can do table service or buffet service and even butlered hors d'oeuvres. 
Please let us know how we can get Yan Dynasty to your event!


--------------About the Chef Page---------------------

Chef Yan has over 15 years of experience cooking Chinese cuisine. He is easily 
considered to be one of the top Szechuan chefs in our area. He has owned and operated 
Yan Dynasty for 10 years.

Chef Yan mastered Mandarin and Cantonese cuisines early on in his career. However, over 
time, his passion turned to the fiery chilis and spices of Szechuan cuisine, a style 
that he learned predominantly from the world renowned Master Chef and Culinary Teacher 
Zhongyi Liu. 

Chef Yan went on to hone his Szechuan culinary techniques, launching a signature dish 
inspired menu that quickly turned the first time Yan Dynasty guest into a loyal customer. 
His signature dishes, such as the 1000 Chili Pepper Spicy Fish Fillet and the 
melt-in-your-mouth Spicy Pork Shoulder won him local acclaim.

Yan's famous five spice blend, which is used in his amazing Pork Shoulder recipe actually 
has over 8 ingredients. They include cardamom, cinnamon, anise star, Szechuan peppercorn, 
ginger, onion and a couple of secret ingredients for sweetness. It is mixed with three 
types of soy sauce and wine.

“You have to seal the pot and cook the pork for 8 hours until there are 1/3 of the juices 
left for an incredible rich and glazy sauce. If you unseal the dish to check for doneness, 
the aromas are lost and the dish is not the same. If you have to unseal the dish to add 
water, then the dish becomes soggy. Proper technique is key to this dish”.



​